Add `row_filter` option (#359)
jazzband/prettytable: README.md

+-----------+------+------------+-----------------+
```

#### Filtering your table

> You can make sure that your tables are filtered by giving `get_string` a `row_filter`
> keyword argument, which must a function with one argument `row` returning a bool value.
> The `row`is the list of fields in a row.
> 
> For example, to print the example table we built earlier of Australian capital city
> data, so that cities with a population with more than 1000000, we can do this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can make sure that your tables are filtered by giving `get_string` a `row_filter`
keyword argument, which must be a function with one argument `row` returning a Boolean value.
The `row` is the list of fields in a row.

For example, to print the example table we built earlier of Australian capital city
data, so that cities with a population with more than 1,000,000, we can do this:
```
